`SchemaWidget` CSS and registration (#6189)
plone/volto: docs/source/upgrade-guide/index.md

The `react-share` library and `SocialSharing` component has not been used in the core since some time ago, and it is more suitable as an add-on and not in core.
If you still use it, you can add it to your main add-on dependency, and extract the `SocialSharing` component from Volto 17 as a custom component in your add-on code.

### `SchemaWidget` widget registration change

> Previously, it was registered as a widget `id`, but this definition could leak the widget and be applied to unwanted fields.
> Now it's registered as a `widget`, so if you are using it in your project/add-ons you should update the field definition and add the `widget` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, it was registered as a widget `id` assigned to the `schema` key. Due to this common key name, this definition could leak the widget and be applied to unwanted fields.
Now it's registered as a `widget`, so if you are using it in your project/add-ons you should update the field definition and add the `widget` property.
```
